listen do not watch this movie with your
in-laws this is like a spiritual
successor to your next witch
I love it back when Adam was still
making good movies because it's a junior
price thriller that's fun from beginning
to end
granted it is violent as hell but it's
interesting when you compare it to
universals the Hunts which just seems to
be completely dropped or impede Betty's
leading roles because here this is one
of those Fox movies that was handled
completely by Disney did you guys notice
any difference on your end as far as the
distribution process in the marketing
process one no I mean none like if there
was any and I'm glad they didn't let me
explain so a marriage is happening in
this movie within this extremely rich
family whose fortune came from selling
games like their granddaddy cornered the
market on playing cards during the Civil
War
I guess we're supposed to believe they
have the rights to hide and seek as well
but you know pretty much do the Mattel's
they are the parker brothers if they
made a deal with the devil even though
you know that our last name is lee doma
the Domus we never never really know I
said but you know it's loosely it also
sounds a lot like dumbass so and I think
that's intentional Alex the husband
who's bringing the wife in is fully
aware that his family believes they made
a pact with the devil and that every
time there's a new addition to the
family they have to pick a game at
random out of a box and you know risk it
being hide-and-seek which practically
means Satan's hungry and he wants a
sacrifice before sunrise there's grace
no any of this yeah like damn it Alex
you can just keep her as a lover if you
liked her so much and you know I don't
know risk her not dying he even tried
playing this cutesy music when he's
professing his love for her during the
Hans exclaiming that grace wouldn't have
stayed if he told her the truth
you don't say as you see from the
trailers obviously the movie is made up
of violence hide and seek set pieces
where maids die along the way the family
comes off even more psychotic
but I'm not gonna lie Samara was clearly
the star and she was killing it in that
dress literally we had 17 dresses just
for me and then another 17 for doubles
and then another 17 for the stunt team
so a lot of dresses some of you may have
caught her in the babysitter which
really surprised me when you know what
happens
I'd say also check her out and mayhem
cuz she kills it there he or she's
embodying Kill Bill she's ready to take
more than half but then Alina start
connecting a couple of interesting
tidbits that I noticed the first time
around like obviously there's a
juxtaposition of light versus darkness
her name is literally grace while this
family literally worships the devil in
the midst of this sacrificial ritual she
even rises from their grave as we saw in
the barn scene her hand literally gets
nailed through as she whoops ass in her
second coming so it's safe to say there
was a couple of little accents here and
there about that but easily the line
that stuck out to me the most in this
movie and is actually one of my favorite
lines of the year it comes during this
argument with a dad who's arguing for
traditions and how they can't use
technology because that's not what
grandpa had but like grandpa also didn't
have cars and that's how you got there
for the tradition so that's why the Sun
hits him with the line it's not
tradition that he was born before
cameras and acid Uzi I see people
keeping traditions as pure as they can
when like didn't the person who make
this up not even have running water I'm
pretty sure we can alter a couple of
things like we already have that said
they do end up going the hereditary
route where it all ended up being true
grace thought it was all in their heads
before they blow up in all their heads
end up on hers because say it's actually
overlooking them overall I love the
comedic elements to it and how it was
intertwined with all the action violence
I love how even though it comes off as a
simple thriller it actually dives deep
into families and traditions especially
with the character of Alex and how hard
it is to actually break those chains
obviously I don't have the whole movie
to make a montage you're the best kills
gonna have to wait on dead meat for that
one right there but I love the warning
it gives you when it comes to dealing
with your in-laws and how playing games
together as a family will always go
especially if your nephews are up thank
you guys for checking out this video in
case you know your thoughts down below
in the comment section if you haven't
seen your next I would highly recommend
now one especially if you saw this one
and liked it go rent your next final
girls is also another good one that
comes to mind we have a video on revenge
if you haven't seen that one you might
also love that one and if this is a
little too bloody but you kind of like
that idea of you know a female character
overcoming all that go watch me so go
watch the director's cut to midsummer
which I'll be catching too and yes that
means we'll finally make a video for
that one as well but you know what I
really like this movie I seems to be
doing well around tomatoes I know it's a
smaller movie that's coming out towards
the end of August but it was pretty good
they shot it also in Billy Madison's
house which I thought was interesting as
we were listening to some interviews so
that house is very versatile pretty much
just let us know if there's anything
else out there worth looking for and
until next time don't forget to comment
like and subscribe or you're it